Exits: When to Get Out of a Winning Position
Many “trading systems” that are sold as complete systems do not specifically address the exit of winning positions.
However, the question of when to get out of a winning position is crucial to the profitability of the system.
但是,何时退出盈利头寸的问题对系统的盈利能力至关重要.
Any trading system that does not address the exit of winning positions is not a complete system.
任何不解决退出盈利头寸的问题的交易系统都不是一个完整的交易系统.

---

Exits
There is another old saying: “You can never go broke taking a profit.”
The Turtles would not agree with this statement.
Getting out of winning positions too early, that is, “taking a profit” too early, is one of the most common mistakes in trading with trend-following systems.

Prices never go straight up.
Therefore, it is necessary to let the prices go against you if you are going to ride a trend.
Early in a trend, this often can mean watching decent profits of 10 to 30 percent fade to a small loss.
In the middle of a trend, it may mean watching a profit of 80 to 100 percent drop by 30 to 40 percent.
The temptation to lighten the position to “lock in profits” can be very great.

The Turtles knew that where you took a profit could make the difference between winning and losing.

The Turtle System enters on breakouts.
Most breakouts do not result in trends.
This means that most of the trades that the Turtles made resulted in losses.
If the winning trades did not earn enough on average to offset those losses, the Turtles would have lost money.
Every profitable trading system has a different optimal exit point.

Consider the Turtle System: If you exit winning positions at a 1N profit and exit losing positions at a 2N loss, you will need twice as many winners to offset the losses from the losing trades.

There is a complex relationship among the components of a trading system.
This means that you cannot consider the proper exit for a profitable position without considering the entry, money management, and other factors.

The proper exit for winning positions is one of the most important aspects of trading and the least appreciated.
However, it can make the difference between winning and losing.

---

Turtle Exits
The System 1 exit was a 10-day low for long positions and a 10-day high for short positions.
All the units in the position would be exited if the price went against the position for a 10-day breakout.

The System 2 exit was a 20-day low for long positions and a 20-day high for short positions.
All the units in the position would be exited if the price went against the position for a 20-day breakout.

As with entries, the Turtles typically did not place exit stop orders but instead watched the price during the day and started to phone in exit orders as soon as the price traded through the exit breakout price.

---

These Are Difficult Exits
For most traders, the Turtle System exits were probably the single most difficult part of the Turtle System rules.
Waiting for a 10- or 20-day new low often can mean watching 20 percent, 40 percent, or even 100 percent of significant profits evaporate.

There is a very strong tendency to want to exit earlier.
It requires great discipline to watch your profits evaporate so that you can hold on to your positions for the really big move.
The ability to maintain discipline and stick to the rules during large winning trades is the hallmark of an experienced successful trader.
