Markets: What to Buy or Sell
The first decision is what to buy and sell or, essentially, what markets to trade.
If you trade too few markets, you greatly reduce your chances of getting aboard a trend.
如果你选择的市场太少,你将大大降低你获得趋势的机会.
At the same time, you do not want to trade markets that have too low a trading volume or that do not trend well.
与此同时,你也不想选择交易量太低或者没有趋势的市场.

---

Markets: What the Turtles Traded
The Turtles were futures traders, at the time more popularly called commodities traders.
We traded futures contracts on the most popular U.S. commodities exchanges.
Since we were trading millions of dollars, we could not trade markets that had only a few hundred contracts per day because that would mean that the orders we generated would move the market so much that it would be too difficult to enter and exit positions without taking large losses.
由于我们的交易都是数百万美元,所以我们不能选择每天只有几百份合约的交易市场,因为这意味着我们产生的订单将导致市场剧烈震荡,不承受较大损失是很难进入和退出市场的.
The Turtles traded only the most liquid markets.
海龟只交易高流动性的市场.
In fact, market liquidity was the primary criterion Richard Dennis used when determining which markets we were to trade.

In general, the Turtles traded all liquid U.S. markets except the grains and the meats.
一般来说,除了谷物和肉类外,海龟交易所有高流动性市场.
Since Richard Dennis already was trading the full legal position limits for his own account, he could not permit us to trade grains for him without exceeding the exchange’s position limits.
We did not trade the meats because of a corruption problem with the floor traders in the meat pits.
Some years after the Turtles disbanded, the FBI conducted a major sting operation in the Chicago meat pits and indicted many traders for price manipulation and other forms of corruption.

The following is a list of the futures markets traded by the Turtles:
Chicago Board of Trade
    30-year U.S. Treasury bond
    10-year U.S. Treasury note
New York Coffee Cocoa and Sugar Exchange
    Coffee
    Cocoa
    Sugar
    Cotton
Chicago Mercantile Exchange
    Swiss franc
    Deutschmark
    British pound
    French franc
    Japanese yen
    Canadian dollar
    S&P 500 stock index
    Eurodollar
    90-day U.S. Treasury bill
Comex
    Gold
    Silver
    Copper
New York Mercantile Exchange
    Crude oil
    Heating oil
    Unleaded gas

The Turtles were given the discretion of not trading any of the commodities on the list.
However, if a trader chose not to trade a particular market, he was not to trade that market at all.
We were not supposed to trade markets inconsistently.
